# The Alignment
## About
The Alignment series focuses on the stories of a handful of characters from different species, on different planets, in different universes. Assuming a domain in which countably infinitely many universes exist, a finite number of them have - for unknown reasons - began to align with one another. Among the inhabitants of these aligned universes are some rare (or not, based on the species) individuals who are able to interact with universes besides their own. Some can teleport themselves and spaces around them into other universes. Some can pull the laws of physics from one universe into another. Some can do both. This hypercosmological alignment of universes has been occuring for tens of thousands of years - an unfathomably long time for some - the blink of an eye for others. 

### Vylith
An adolescent humanoid hunter from a planet plagued by nearly incessant volcanic activity, dominated by tribes of sentient telepathic beasts. After being exiled from her people, she must find her own way to survive and support her adoptive younger brother - a sentient saber-toothed tiger named Roseblood. When she discovers ancient texts that spoke of an alignment of worlds and visitors from strange lands with strange powers, she comes to realize that the magic she's been doing her whole life may not be so mysterious after all.

### Zo
A Tengling parts scavenger currently stranded on zeir desert homeworld, Ol'kir'alkhai. Tenglings are hermaphroditic, bipedal, scaled creatures that you may imagine as anthropomorphic Pangolins. (If you don't know what a pangolin is, [Google it](https://www.google.com/search?q=pangolin&rlz=1C1GCEA_enUS805US805&sxsrf=ALeKk00e6tY7Um_ZTxfHw3H232EVSTCK9w:1589497534099&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwjsrZDfu7TpAhUBUK0KHd2LBnoQ_AUoAXoECBkQAw&biw=1396&bih=657)! They're adorable!) Living in a sandstone hovel with over a dozen siblings, Zo and zeir family are thrilled to learn that ze has started to exhibit the extremely rare signs of being a **shifter**, an individual capable of projecting and teleporting into other worlds in the Alignment. Under the tutelage of a senile history professor, Zo must apply zemself if ze stands any change of gaining admittance into the esteemed university on the planet Pharphesus, and finding a better life for zeir destitute family. 

### Adyn
A young human dandy from the Earth-like planet Omnara, Adyn leads a simple life in the village with his adoptive father, a retired glassblower named Bonwyll. Playing his music in nearby taverns, Adyn aspires to travel the world, entertaining kings and high priests. Little does he know that his ability to ensnare with his lilting melodies is the product of much more than nimble fingers and a clear tenor. His life is altered forever when a demon with unknown motives lures him into her world and forcibly bonds him, attracting unsavory attention from the Empire's priesthood who might know more about the true cosmology of their universe than they preach to the masses. 

### Elyse
Our story's first unfortunate victim - had Adyn's older sister Elyse not strayed into the Greater Demon Tarthus' domain, the demon might never have possessed her. He might never have forced her to commit violent atrocities against her village. She might not have incinerated everyone and everything she saw. She might not have left herself and little Adyn orphaned before she was finally put down. Why she had entered Tarthus' domain, what she had hoped to accomplish - and who betrayed her - will come to light as Adyn learns his family's place in a secret order whose history goes back thousands of years. 

## Current Status
Hello! Welcome to my first attempt at writing a book! Nothing in here is remotely nearing being finished! This is a personal project, and is one I don't intend to try marketing any time soon, as my main priority right now involves starting my career in computer science. I imagine, as my first book, this will probably read very poorly! But I'm having a blast writing it, so if you'd like, hop in and drop me your criticisms and suggestions!
